README.md, before:

# 📝 About

Temple Wallet -  is a non-custodial crypto wallet for interacting with the Tezos ecosystem.

Temple provides the ability to interact with web-based decentralized applications (so-called "dApps") right from your mobile phone (iOS, Android).

Other important features include:
- Exploring various Tezos-based assets
- Multiple accounts
- Send/Receive FA1.2 / FA2  tokens
- Delegation to bakers
- Light/Dark mode switching

![application screenshot](./docs/assets/readmeScreenshot.png)

# ▶️ Installation

Follow these steps to build and run wallet locally.

## Setting up the development environment

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)

2. Install yarn
```
sudo npm install --global yarn
```

3. Set up the [React Native development environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).
3.1 Select **React Native CLI Quickstart**.
3.2 Select your **Development OS**.
3.3 Set up both **Target OS**

![React Native environment setup screenshot](./docs/assets/reactNativeEnvironmentSetupScreenshoot.png)

## Setting up the project

1. Clone repository
```
git clone https://github.com/madfish-solutions/templewallet-mobile.git && cd templewallet-mobile
```

2. Install dependencies
```
yarn
yarn ios:pods
```

3. Create `.env` file
```
cp .env.dist .env
```

## Running the application

To start the Android application run
```
yarn android
```

To start the iOS application run
```
yarn ios
```

If you want to contribute your code, before making a pull request - ensure, that code passes all pipeline checks. You can manually check it before a pull request running commands
```
yarn ts
yarn lint
yarn find-deadcode
yarn test
```

Commit message:

TW-1974 Upgrade React Native (raw version)

README.md, after:

# 📝 About

Temple Wallet -  is a non-custodial crypto wallet for interacting with the Tezos ecosystem.

Temple provides the ability to interact with web-based decentralized applications (so-called "dApps") right from your mobile phone (iOS, Android).

Other important features include:
- Exploring various Tezos-based assets
- Multiple accounts
- Send/Receive FA1.2 / FA2  tokens
- Delegation to bakers
- Light/Dark mode switching

![application screenshot](./docs/assets/readmeScreenshot.png)

# ▶️ Installation

Follow these steps to build and run wallet locally.

## Setting up the development environment

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)

2. Install yarn
```
sudo npm install --global yarn
```

3. Set up the [React Native development environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).
3.1 Select **React Native CLI Quickstart**.
3.2 Select your **Development OS**.
3.3 Set up both **Target OS**

![React Native environment setup screenshot](./docs/assets/reactNativeEnvironmentSetupScreenshoot.png)

## Setting up the project

1. Clone repository
```
git clone https://github.com/madfish-solutions/templewallet-mobile.git && cd templewallet-mobile
```

2. Install dependencies
```
yarn
yarn ios:pods
```

3. Create `.env` file
```
cp .env.dist .env
```

## Running the application

### Android

To start the Android application run
```
yarn android
```

### iOS

For iOS, remember to install CocoaPods dependencies (this only needs to be run on first clone or after updating native deps).

The first time you create a new project, run the Ruby bundler to install CocoaPods itself:

```sh
bundle install
```

Then, and every time you update your native dependencies, run:

```sh
bundle exec pod install
```

For more information, please visit [CocoaPods Getting Started guide](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html).

```sh
# Using npm
npm run ios

# OR using Yarn
yarn ios
```

If you want to contribute your code, before making a pull request - ensure, that code passes all pipeline checks. You can manually check it before a pull request running commands
```
yarn ts
yarn lint
yarn find-deadcode
yarn test
```
